revamp of multi-app and git submodules doc pages (#3302)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/development/submodules.md

1. [Create a machine user](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/managing-deploy-keys#machine-users)
   with access rights to each of the private repositories.
2. Attach the deploy key to your machine user.

{{< /note >}}

## Removing submodules

These steps aren't specific to Platform.sh, but kept as a reference for Git so that submodules are effectively removed before entering the build process.

> 1. Delete information for the submodule you'd like to remove from `.gitmodules` and `.git/config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your `.gitmodules` and `.git/config` files, delete the information related to the submodule you want to remove.
```
